hey everybody welcome to the Wolfe pit
today I'm gonna make an Italian classic
chicken parmesan but I'm gonna do it on
the grill so there's no breading and no
frying just lots of flavor it's simple
it's easy and it's delicious so let's
get started I'm gonna start by seasoning
my chicken and today I'm using some
boneless skinless chicken breast you can
use bone-in chicken or boneless skinless
chicken thighs whatever kind of chicken
will work in this recipe I'm going to
drizzle with extra virgin olive oil salt
and pepper Italian seasoning
granulated garlic
granulated onion and some crushed red
pepper flakes now flip over and season
the other side once they're all season
place them in the refrigerator for about
an hour to marinate and today I'm going
to be using my Napoleon 485 Mirage gas
grill the Napoleon barrage 485 stainless
steel gas grill has five burners for a
total of 74 thousand BTUs
that's three main burners one rear
infrared burner four rotisserie cooking
and one infrared sizzle zone side burner
this gives you 815 square inches of
total cooking area and there's some
other features that really stand out to
me one is the integrated cooler to where
you can keep your condiments and drinks
cold as well as an integrating cutting
board and then you have the I Glo
backlight technology how many times have
you been grilling at night fiddling with
a flashlight trying to see where your
temperature set now all you have to do
is hit a button and your knobs
illuminate
now let's go ahead and get the main
burners lit one two and three and the
infrared sizzle zone side burner to heat
up some tomato sauce once the grill is
preheated to 350 degrees I'm gonna go
ahead and sear the chicken off for about
three to four minutes per side
after about five minutes our tomato
sauce has come up to a simmer and now
I'm going to transfer it over to a pan
to finish cooking the chicken in after
about three minutes I'm gonna go ahead
and flip the chicken once it's got some
nice color to it in that for about six
minutes or so and it's got some nice
color on both sides I'm gonna go ahead
and transfer the chicken breast over
into the sauce
once all the chicken is in the pan I'm
gonna move the pan to the center of the
grill turn the center burner off and
leave the two outside burners on low I'm
gonna close the lid and cook this
uncovered for about 20 minutes or until
the chicken is cooked through you do not
want to overcook the chicken after
cooking for another 20 minutes on low
our chicken and sauce are done the
chicken is beautiful it smells amazing
the sauce is thickened up a little now
let's get this plated up
and there you have it grilled chicken
parmesan without all the breading fat
and calories but with all the flavor
serve over top of a bed of spaghetti
topped with lots and lots of Parmesan
cheese and enjoy if this looks like
something you'd like to try at home
please give me a thumbs up thank you all
very much for watching I hope you give
this a try and I'll see you next time
you